c:\users\cackman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MasterApp\MasterApp\obj\Debug\Interop.ActiveDs.dll
c:\users\cackman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MasterApp\MasterApp\obj\Debug\MasterApp.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
c:\users\cackman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MasterApp\MasterApp\obj\Debug\MasterApp.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\cackman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MasterApp\MasterApp\obj\Debug\MasterApp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\cackman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MasterApp\MasterApp\bin\Debug\User Management.exe.config
c:\users\cackman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MasterApp\MasterApp\obj\Debug\User Management.TrustInfo.xml
c:\users\cackman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MasterApp\MasterApp\obj\Debug\User Management.exe
c:\users\cackman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MasterApp\MasterApp\obj\Debug\User Management.pdb
c:\users\cackman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MasterApp\MasterApp\obj\Debug\MasterApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\cackman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MasterApp\MasterApp\bin\Debug\User Management.exe.manifest
c:\users\cackman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MasterApp\MasterApp\bin\Debug\User Management.application
c:\users\cackman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MasterApp\MasterApp\bin\Debug\User Management.exe
c:\users\cackman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MasterApp\MasterApp\bin\Debug\User Management.pdb
c:\users\cackman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MasterApp\MasterApp\obj\Debug\User Management.exe.manifest
c:\users\cackman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MasterApp\MasterApp\obj\Debug\User Management.application
c:\users\cackman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MasterApp\MasterApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.dll
c:\users\cackman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MasterApp\MasterApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.xml
C:\Users\cackman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MasterApp\MasterApp\obj\Debug\MasterApp.LogIn.resources
C:\Users\cackman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MasterApp\MasterApp\obj\Debug\MasterApp.UserManagement.resources
C:\Users\cackman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MasterApp\MasterApp\obj\Debug\MasterApp.Tools.resources
C:\Users\cackman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MasterApp\MasterApp\bin\Debug\System.Management.Automation.dll
C:\Users\cackman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MasterApp\MasterApp\obj\Debug\MasterApp.EmailManagement.resources
C:\Users\cackman\Desktop\prog123\MasterApp\MasterApp\bin\Debug\User Management.exe.config
C:\Users\cackman\Desktop\prog123\MasterApp\MasterApp\obj\Debug\Interop.ActiveDs.dll
C:\Users\cackman\Desktop\prog123\MasterApp\MasterApp\obj\Debug\MasterApp.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\cackman\Desktop\prog123\MasterApp\MasterApp\bin\Debug\User Management.exe.manifest
C:\Users\cackman\Desktop\prog123\MasterApp\MasterApp\bin\Debug\User Management.application
C:\Users\cackman\Desktop\prog123\MasterApp\MasterApp\bin\Debug\User Management.exe
C:\Users\cackman\Desktop\prog123\MasterApp\MasterApp\bin\Debug\User Management.pdb
C:\Users\cackman\Desktop\prog123\MasterApp\MasterApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.dll
C:\Users\cackman\Desktop\prog123\MasterApp\MasterApp\bin\Debug\System.Management.Automation.dll
C:\Users\cackman\Desktop\prog123\MasterApp\MasterApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.xml
C:\Users\cackman\Desktop\prog123\MasterApp\MasterApp\obj\Debug\MasterApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\cackman\Desktop\prog123\MasterApp\MasterApp\obj\Debug\MasterApp.UserManagementView.resources
C:\Users\cackman\Desktop\prog123\MasterApp\MasterApp\obj\Debug\MasterApp.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\cackman\Desktop\prog123\MasterApp\MasterApp\obj\Debug\MasterApp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\cackman\Desktop\prog123\MasterApp\MasterApp\obj\Debug\User Management.TrustInfo.xml
C:\Users\cackman\Desktop\prog123\MasterApp\MasterApp\obj\Debug\User Management.exe.manifest
C:\Users\cackman\Desktop\prog123\MasterApp\MasterApp\obj\Debug\User Management.application
C:\Users\cackman\Desktop\prog123\MasterApp\MasterApp\obj\Debug\User Management.exe
C:\Users\cackman\Desktop\prog123\MasterApp\MasterApp\obj\Debug\User Management.pdb
